Use the workbox-config.js as default config (#884)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/building-rollup/README.md

### Overriding the workbox config

> If you want to override the default config with your own workbox configuration, you can simply create a `workbox-config.js` in the root of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to override the default config with your own workbox configuration, you can disable the default workbox configuration by setting `options.plugins.workbox` to false in the `options` object that you pass to `createDefaultConfig`, and then you can override the plugins
```

> And if you want to further customize, you can disable the default workbox configuration by setting `options.plugins.workbox` to false in the `options` object that you pass to `createDefaultConfig`, and then you can override the plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can create a `workbox-config.js` in the root of your project, and it will be automatically be picked up by the configuration if available. Do note that this only works for `generateSW` mode.
```
